[gentle music plays]
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
I see it everyday.
The illusion of love.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
You would be surprised
at the percentage of...
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
I see the ones who will
start being disappointed.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
The ones smack in the middle
of disappointment.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
The ones making an effort
not to be disappointed.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
It's part of my job
to see these things.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Sex, family...
Hey!
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
couples love.
You learn a lot.
Okay, everything
looks fine.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Take her, for instance...
do you know where the
father of her kids is?
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Neither does she.
...looking good,
which is great.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
She waited years for the
perfect love of her life,
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
who ended up coming in
a frozen sperm tube.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
And these two look adorable,
don't they?
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Not so much, no.
So many people fundamentally
mistaken about their lives.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Chasing after the fairy-tale,
settling for what they can get.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
It's exhausting.
Because they can't admit
one simple, devastating truth:
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Love, actual love...
is, at best, improbable.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
It's not meant for everyone.
It is the privilege of some
lucky few.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
And if you find it,
you'll end up losing it.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
So it's better if you accept the
thing for what it is most times.
Were you waiting
for someone here?
Uh, no. Sure. Sit down.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Learn to make it quick.
Learn to make it fun.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Just learn to love that it ends
as fast as it begins.
-Okay.
Okay. Oh.
Wow.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
What? What?
I love you.
[music dies]
-Okay. Okay.
-Okay?
Mm-hmm.
-Mmm! God, yes!
-Okay.
[laughs]
[man] ♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ This is the story
of your life ♪
♪ Soon enough ♪
♪ We'll see the sunrise ♪
♪ The changing tides ♪
♪ The rest will come ♪
♪ Better believe
we're just beginning now ♪
[woman] ♪ This is the part
where your life gets back ♪
♪ Gets back together now ♪
[both] ♪ Together ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ You got
your head on straight ♪
♪ There's no frustration now ♪
♪ No thoughts provoking this ♪
♪ Your time to learn and live ♪
♪ See in your turning now ♪
♪ You'll learn to let it go ♪
♪ Dawn's breaking over night ♪
♪ Sweet dreams now ♪
[in Spanish]
Mom... is this what I get for
giving you a key?
[in Spanish]
How do I look?
[mom] Hmm?
[in Spanish]
You're wearing white?
Of course.
[in Spanish]
The priest will not approve.
On the contrary, he loved it.
[in Spanish]
Is that Clara? What'd she think?
She's shocked it's white.
-[in Spanish] I mean...
-[in Spanish] Yep.
[in Spanish]
What did Dad say?
Nothing. He can't see it
yet, it's bad luck.
[in Spanish]
Come on! You've already
lived together for forty years.
[in Spanish]
But now they suddenly
believe in marriage.
[in Spanish]
Remember when you got married?
We don't need belief, we have
empirical proof.
[in Spanish]
Your grandpa would be so
happy to see me finally
getting married...
[in Spanish]
by a priest and everything.
He died so scared you
both were going to hell...
[in Spanish]
...for being born
out of wedlock.
[in Spanish]
No worries, we can still go to
hell for some other things.
Ay!
[in Spanish]
Go take a shower,
you smell like frat house.
[in Spanish]
Yummy!
And we have a fitting
for your bridesmaid dress.
That's why I came to L.A.
[in Spanish]
I can't, I have a consult
and a due date.
[in Spanish]
It's Saturday.
Some babies are born
on a Saturday...
[in Spanish]
It's like they don't even care
about my weekend.
[in Spanish]
Hey!
Where did you sleep?
[in Spanish]
I was out last night
and stayed out. I didn't know
you planned to ambush me
[in Spanish]
with mom and white ruffles.
You were out naked?
[in Spanish]
Not initially,
it developed that way.
[laughs]
[in Spanish]
I can't believe our parents are
getting married before you do.
[in Spanish]
That's usually how it goes,
they're the weird ones.
[in Spanish]
I also can't believe
that a woman with your
mind and your legs
[in Spanish]
can't scare up a date for the
wedding. Yesterday's guy
wasn't good even for that?
[in Spanish]
Yesterday's guy was barely good
for what I wanted him for
yesterday.
[in Spanish]
You can't keep sleeping with men
you don't want to see again,
[in Spanish]
even to get your clothes back.
There's not much left to see.
[in Spanish]
Specially if you're
out the door at dawn.
[in Spanish]
I've been in love.
I know what it is.
[in Spanish]
So I can easily
recognize what it is.
[in Spanish]
It's been a million years, sis.
Eight.
[both in Spanish]
-You have to give it a chance.
-Why?
[in Spanish]
Because I'm old and should
start thinking about settling?
[in Spanish]
Because you need someone
to go places with.
[in Spanish]
Get a move on, otherwise
the bride won't be happy.
[in Spanish]
until she sets you up with
one of the Guadalajara cousins.
[in Spanish]
And they're the hands-on
side of the family.
[in Spanish]
Just find someone pretty.
And if he's Mexican, she'll
count it as her wedding gift.
[in Spanish]
Someone pretty and Mexican...
...I can do that.
[in Spanish]
Push, push, push!
[baby crying]
Okay!
There we go!
[in Spanish]
Thanks!
Congratulations.
Well done!
[both in Spanish]
-Is he ok?
-He's fine.
[in Spanish]
He's great.
Okay.
The brand-new
baby boy, huh?
Congratulations!
[murmuring]
[siren wailing]
[knocks]
Hmm? What?
I'm just here to pick up
the charts for Leslie.
I was just in the room
with you and Mrs. Pecanzas.
-I know. Mm-hmm.
-The delivery room.
Thanks.
What'd your boyfriend do?
Hmm? Excuse me?
Uh, or girlfriend. It's--
Well, someone has sent
you a million flowers.
They must've done something.
It's the... arrangements.
Right. Yeah. Uh... no.
No, no boyfriend.
No, these are
sample centerpieces
for my parents' wedding.
Yeah, I have to pick one.
Maid of honor.
They're renewing
their vows?
That's great.
No, no. Brand-new vows.
Yeah, they never got married.
They were hippies
in the '70s,
and now that they've been
happy and together
for 40 years, they need
fresh, new ways to...
rub it in.
I'm sorry.
No, it's--!
Mm! Yeah.
[laughs] Hmm.
You're pretty.
Excuse me?
Are you Mexican in any way?
[Clara] Ay yi yi.
We're so late.
[Clara] We are so late.
[Asher] It's okay.
My mom's gonna kill me.
Oh, no, you
don't need that.
We're crossing
an international border.
Oh, yeah, I know.
You're gonna need that
on the way back, but...
So, they don't care who comes--
But we could be anybody.
No. They can sense
that you're
a harmless soul.
Yeah, I mean, and that's
very accurate of them. I am.
But, you, on the other hand,
you could be...
What is-- Come on!
[both in Spanish]
-Good afternoon.
-Hi.
[both in Spanish]
-Something to declare?
-No.
[in Spanish]
Go ahead.
Oh, hey. Yeah.
It's fine.
Thanks. Thanks.
And thanks for coming,
by the way.
Thank you
for inviting me.
Listo.
I'm driving
on the way back.
[graceful music]
Wow!
That's, uh...
That's one hell
of a view! Look at that.
Yeah, I bet you don't
have this in Australia, huh?
We do, it's just, like--
It's nice to see what comes
second, you know?
[keys clatter]
Oh!
Um, oh, uh,
what's the name, again?
-Jacinta.
Yeah, your
grandmother's name
was Jacinta.
-Uh-huh.
-And she was born in Sonora.
-Sonora.
-And she-- Oh! Okay.
-Easy, easy.
-She, uh...
met an Aussie
in Texas.
Aussie in Tex--
Right, right. Okay.
We can give her
an easier name, if you like.
Can you handle Maria?
Please, be more
condescending
while you're making
ridiculous requests.
-Oh!
-Come on.
-Can you help me with that?
-Yeah. Yeah.
What?
Nothing.
No, you're just
a remarkable ugly woman.
-Aunt Clarie!
-Bobs!
So nice
to see you again!
-Oh, you brought a date!
-Yep.
-Mama's gonna be thrilled!
-What's up, man?
This is not
gonna go off.
It will go off.
[in Spanish]
We don't want that
defeatist attitude, kid.
Okay, here we go.
Big breath.
[sucking in]
Yup. Ee! Yay!
Oh, thank you.
[in Spanish]
Hello.
God, I hate you so much!
You look gorgeous!
[in Spanish]
Wait, no...
I vote out.
[Both in Spanish]
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
[in Spanish]
Okay.
Ahem. Hello!
Hi.
[in Spanish]
He's not Mexican.
No, but he has
a Mexican grandmother
named Jacinta.
Jacinta, yes, I did.
That's right.
[laughing]
Yeah.
First few times
I met the family,
I had a Mexican grandmother,
Timothea.
-Yes!
-I miss her very much.
[in Spanish]
He's kinda pretty.
Thanks. So are you.
No fair, Dad. When will
you learn to speak Spanish
like him?
As soon as your mom
starts fasting
on Yom Kippur.
[gentle music]
[in Spanish]
Good luck, Dad.
This is backwards, isn't it?
[laughs]
[both murmuring]
[in Spanish]
I, Eva, take you, Francisco...
to be my husband, because...
[in Spanish]
well, you're my best friend. And
look at everything we've built
together.
[in Spanish]
This house.
Our gorgeous daughters.
[in Spanish]
And everything is perfect,
because you had something
to do with it.
[in Spanish]
Mrs. Barren, I love
you so much...
[in Spanish]
we've had a good long run.
I'm delighted we're now ruining
it with marriage.
[light laughter]
[in Spanish]
May we have the rings, please?
[soft jazz]
[kids screaming]
[in Spanish]
So here's to having an official
document that states we're not
bastards.
[in Spanish]
That bad?
[female singing
in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
Daniel?
Ee!
[in Spanish]
It's a pleasure to see you
again! I cannot believe you're
here, kid!
[in Spanish]
Likewise.
You too.
[both in Spanish]
-Daniel, welcome!
-Congratulations!
You wanna make
a run for it?
-Yes. Yes.
-Yeah?
Right.
Glad to see you, too.
[in Spanish]
Clara!
Daniel?
Hey!
[in Spanish]
Daniel!
Hey! What are you--?
What are you doing here?
[in Spanish]
Here you are.
I saw the announcement
on Eva's Facebook and...
[in Spanish]
I had to come.
[both in Spanish]
-I'm sorry.
-No, no.
[in Spanish]
I couldn't send you an
invitation, your email bounced.
[in Spanish]
Yeah... I figured.
Did you? Right...
[in Spanish]
You didn't figure maybe
I didn't want you here?
[in Spanish]
So...
when did you get back?
Last time Abby heard from you,
[in Spanish]
-you were in Yucatán, right?
-I was there, for a while.
[in Spanish]
Then I went to Peru.
Aw.
[in Spanish]
Yes, it was great. And...
I've been back in L.A. for about
four months, now.
Ah!
[in Spanish]
Right. And you didn't
let anyone know?
[in Spanish]
I didn't... I, um...
I didn't.
i didn't know how to...
[in Spanish]
I just don't know. I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing to me?
You don't have to.
[in Spanish]
No. I mean...
You know what? Um...
-Hi. Uh, I'm, Asher Grace.
-Oh, God.
-Hi, nice to meet you, Asher.
-How are you?
-Daniel, this is Asher Grace.
-Asher Grace.
You're a long way
from home, aren't you?
-Well, Australia is...
-You're from Australia?
...four, fif--
Seventeen hours away, yeah.
-Oh, wow.
-Well, he does...
He has, um,
a Mexican grandmother
named Jacinta.
Really?
[laughs]
Yeah.
No, he doesn't.
Nice try, though.
Well, he does speak
great Spanish, though.
It's uncanny. Yeah.
[in Spanish]
Nice to meet you, man... truly.
My pleasure... truly.
Anyway, we were just gonna,
uh, see what table
we were gonna sit at.
-Um... yeah.
Where are you gonna sit?
-Yeah.
I don't know, but since
I'm crashing the wedding,
probably at your table.
Oh, okay. Yeah.
Maybe I'll take
your seat!
I'm just kidding.
This guy, you know,
he's, like, deformed
because of the accident,
exposed fracture.
Then he looks at me,
looks at the syringe,
and goes, "Mm, you know what,
doc? It's not that serious."
[laughing]
He just walk--
Stands up and storms
out of the clinic!
It was...
So, you're with Doctors
Without Borders?
-Yeah.
-Ah.
And you like it?
Oh, I love it.
Yeah, you know,
I get to meet a lot of people,
see wonderful places.
I like to move around.
Of course you do.
Well, I really believe
that if you stand still
too long,
then your life
starts living you.
It should always be
the other way around.
Wow. Ladies
and gentlemen,
please hold
your breath for more
Life Reflections
with Adventure Daniel.
I'm serious.
Oh, I know, trust me.
You do not have
to convince any of us
of how hard it is
for you to stay put.
Play nice, Clarita.
What? I'm sorry.
No, I mean, you say
the wrong thing,
he'll disappear
for another decade!
Un otra...
No, seriously,
I think it's wonderful,
all the things
you've seen and done.
-Hmm.
-Mom is proud of you.
I'm just...
I don't know.
I'm just very happy
to be here now.
[new song begins]
Mm!
[in Spanish]
I love this song.
I remember.
[in Spanish]
Screw you, you remember.
-It'll just be a sec.
-Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
So, being a doctor,
is that pretty fun for you?
[chatting
in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
What?
Nothing. I'm just looking at
you. I haven't seen you in a
million years.
[in Spanish]
Eight.
And?
[in Spanish]
You're an old man.
Okay. Pile it on, come on.
[both in Spanish]
-What else?
-What?
[in Spanish]
No, that's it. You look great,
you always looked great.
[in Spanish]
You too.
You look great.
[in Spanish]
Always.
Always?
[in Spanish]
Since always.
Even in a bridesmaid's dress
my mom picked out?
[in Spanish]
And Abby?
You look great even holding
hands with a little Australian.
[both in Spanish]
-Don't start.
-What? It's not easy, really...
[in Spanish]
Not all beauty would hold up
to a challenge like that.
[in Spanish]
Only yours. You're tremendous!
Oh, Daniel.
[in Spanish]
You look just the same.
Yeah?
[in Spanish]
Where it counts
you look exactly the same.
[in Spanish]
My butt?
Right here.
[in Spanish]
It's one of my favorite places
in the world, you know?
[in Spanish]
And yet you haven't visited
in a long time.
[in Spanish]
I've done nothing but miss it.
Liar.
[song ends]
[sobbing]
Oh, God.
Pay no attention
to this.
It has nothing to do
with reality.
[quavering sigh]
Come on.
I'm so sorry
about all of this.
Don't-- Do not--
Don't be silly.
We all have
one of those. Come on.
Yeah?
Yeah.
That's the saddest thing
I've ever heard.
[up-tempo Latin music]
Hey!
Clara's probably
up at the house.
Oh, no, I was
looking for you guys.
Why is he back,
you know?
All smiles!
Hugging people!
I mean, we haven't
even seen him in years.
Decades, almost,
and suddenly he's
still family?
It's just wrong.
But he's not...
family, is he?
What?
He's not actually family,
though, is he?
-You're disgusting. No!
-Well, I'm not.
Ah, good. No, I'm making sure
you're not disgusting.
If you-- Because...
No, truly, I was...
Yeah, you know...
Do you want to...
tell me about it?
Well...
Ahem. Hmm.
For a split second, he...
could've been
my husband, and...
then he just wasn't.
Got it.
[man] Arriba!
We should go.
-Blushing bride awaits.
-Yeah.
[chuckles]
[in Spanish]
Clara, where were you?
[both in Spanish]
-We were chatting.
-But where?
You warming up
for the dance-off?
Don't practice too--
I want to see some
of these practice--
-He's been stretching. Yeah.
-Thank you very much.
-I have indeed.
-You just wait and see.
[speaking Spanish]
-Hi.
-Hello.
Is, uh, Dr. Barron in yet?
Does she know
what this is regarding?
Yeah. Yeah, it's, um...
We work togeth--
Uh, occasionally
we'll work together.
Um, and she wanted
to talk, uh, strategy.
You know what?
Just go in.
Thank you.
[knocks]
Morning.
Hi.
Okay.
Hey, so I was, uh...
I was thinking
that maybe tonight,
you and I could go
on a proper date,
you know, with dinner
and tablecloths and such.
Asher, you're really sweet,
seriously, thank you so much
for coming to the wedding
and putting up with all the...
"Aah!" but, uh, yeah.
No, this is--
It's not happening.
Why not?
Uh, well, you work for me.
Yeah, well, I don't
at all, actually,
so that's...
Still, I don't date
anyone in the hospital.
But we already dated.
-Am I wrong?
-No, that was just sort of
like a... [squees]
emergency, you know,
not a date.
Clara.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I really wish I liked you.
I really do, but...
I don't.
Why not?
Why not? Come on,
let me know.
This is--
No, screw the date.
I'm interested now.
-Okay, um...
-What's wrong with me?
Well, you're just--
You're not my type.
Ah, because I'm
too attractive?
[laughs]
Gotta get this sorted.
You're not the first to say--
No, no, seriously, look at me.
-You're not the first person
to say this to me.
-Okay, fine.
-Many, many women.
-Okay, fine, it's the... Crocs.
You wear Crocs
with cartoon pins in them.
I'm in Peds.
The kids like them.
Kids also like to eat
their own bodily fluids.
Okay, yeah, no,
you're right.
The Crocs are gone.
Is that it? Done.
-Oh, they're gone? That's it?
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
No, now there's the fact
that you're willing
to change your personality
to get a girl to like you.
Wow. that was easy. Um...
All right, yeah, no,
I, uh... I get it.
-Yeah, I'm sorry.
-It's about, um...
It's about
that guy, right?
You wish
you liked me,
but I'm not him,
so therefore you can't.
Hey, why aren't
you with him, hmm?
You know, apart
from the fact that he's
a self-important arsehole,
which, I assume, only makes
him more attractive.
He's bad for me.
How so?
He leaves.
I thought you'd like that.
Saves you the trouble.
You don't know me.
I'm-- I'm-- Hey. I'm trying
to change that, Clara.
Let me.
Um, I have a patient.
I'm sorry.
[door closing]
[heartbeat thumping]
[in Spanish]
There he is.
Everything looks good.
[in Spanish]
God, he's so handsome.
Isn't he?
[in Spanish]
Look. Beto...
Beto, look at him.
[in Spanish]
He's our little Clark.
Clark?
[in Spanish]
Like Superman.
He looks happy, doesn't he?
[in Spanish]
Doesn't he?
Beto...
Doesn't he look happy?
[in Spanish]
He doesn't look anything.
He looks happy.
[in Spanish]
Okay, he looks happy.
I talk with him a lot, Doctor.
[in Spanish]
Whenever I'm frustrated,
or angry, or I just wanna...
just...
[growls]
[in Spanish]
I talk to Clark and I just open
my heart to him.
[in Spanish]
Good thing he can't hear, right?
So it's less inappropriate.
[in Spanish]
He hears me,
he's not like his dad that way.
[sighs]
[music playing]
[buzzing]
[both in Spanish]
-Hi, sis.
-Hey, are you at your bar?
[both in Spanish]
- Yeah.
-Good.
[in Spanish]
What do you mean, good?
I have a bar.
[in Spanish]
I'm so going to hell.
-Stay there for a bit, okay?
- Why?
[in Spanish]
Because... I'm your sister
and I command you.
[in Spanish]
What?
What is it?
[in Spanish]
Are you crying?
Why is he back?
[in Spanish]
Hang in there, alright?
He wont stay.
[in Spanish]
I'm going home, bye.
No, no... wait just five
minutes!
You leaving
so early?
Hi!
Hey!
Hi.
[laughs] Hi!
How are you?
I'm good!
Okay. Okay.
My sister is the best.
It's good
to see you, too.
You really are
pretty, aren't you?
Ohh... you're drunk.
No.
Yeah. Here.
There we go.
This is amazing!
Yeah. Oh, yeah, well, I...
I didn't do it, so...
Oh, yeah, I was gonna say,
it screams designer
ex-girlfriend at me.
Mm. Your bedroom's weird.
It's like Martha Stewart
got tired when she got
to the door.
Oh, you're one of those
really funny drunks.
Mm! Ho ho!
I'm sorry.
Here, come.
All right. Okay.
Mm. Just sleep.
Mm.
What?
I'm taking the couch.
You're blue-balling me?
Good night.
Seriously?
[in Spanish]
Sleep tight, Doctor Barron.
[birds chirping]
[door opens]
[groans, sighs]
Morning.
[chuckles]
Now, how you feeling?
Why did you bring me here?
You wouldn't tell me
where you live.
Oh, God. I'm sorry.
It's okay. Come on.
Come here.
It's okay.
And... you know,
maybe, I like you,
I don't know, a little bit,
something, I don't know.
Mm.
I'm sorry
I'm being a jerk.
It's just...
No, you have
a knack for it.
It's that guy, Daniel.
I'm so pathetic.
I have done nothing
but try to forget him
since he left,
and then he shows up,
and that's it.
All he needs to do,
appear, and I'm gone.
I get it.
Do you?
Yeah.
Ohh...
That's intense.
Yeah, right?
And this apartment.
Everything...
some people never leave,
but they can make room
for others,
the right others,
if you let them in.
If I let them in?
Correct.
What is this, then?
Is this not me
letting you in?
Maybe. Admit
that you like me.
Bruised egos
are rough.
No, see, you like me.
Say it.
Wow, look at this Aussie boy
lecturing me on love.
It's not a lecture.
But in reality
you're just fishing
for compliments.
-I am not fishing...
-"Oh, you're beautiful."
-Thank you, yes, finally.
-"You're just the most amazing
Aussie I've ever met!"
-Okay, okay...
-Yeah?
Okay.
I like you.
Wow, I say
I like you, and...
you immediately put out.
If I'd have known
it was that easy...
-Shh, shh, shh.
-I would've just...
Stop talking.
[retro music plays]
[knocking]
Dr. Barron?
Hi. Um, I'm
here to, uh,
pick up a file
or something?
Lisa is just decorative
when it comes to you, isn't she?
Well, she's not exactly
high-tech security.
How are you?
-I'm all right.
-How was your day?
It was good.
Oh!
-Mm mm mmm! Tonight.
-Mm-hmm?
Dinner. Tablecloths.
All of the above.
-God, you are obsessed...
-Finally, hmm?
...with tablecloths.
They are the marker
of civilization.
-You coming?
-Not here tonight.
I'm going to my parents'
for a long weekend.
Oh, you're going to check
on their marital bliss, huh?
Uh, sorry, this is
just a little...
It's gonna be that much fun?
Nothing's that much fun.
No, we go once
every few months
to the beach,
and we play games.
My dad loves
playing games.
It's really fun,
actually.
It does sound fun.
It sounds very fun.
I'd invite you.
Would you?
Uh, yeah, it's just
that my parents...
Okay. No, I'd love to go.
I have a little bit
of an issue
inviting people...
I was at their wedding!
No one thought they would
ever see you again!
-Oh, okay.
-Including me, so...
Oh, okay.
Oh, wow, yeah. Just--
That honesty thing you've got,
you can turn that down whenever.
-No, truly.
-Seriously...
I wanna give this
a chance,
and I don't
want to bring in
the whole band yet.
Is that okay?
Yeah, it's fine.
I have to work
this weekend, anyway.
[in Spanish]
Then why are you bothering me?
-That's why I came in here,
to tell you I won't make it.
-You're being obnoxious.
-Get out.
-Obnoxious. No, you
mean "attractive."
[in Spanish]
You're bothering me.
No, no, no, in English
it's "attractive."
-It's okay.
-Fuck you.
Ow! Oh, God!
That's-- never mind.
-That gives me a great idea.
-Don't look it up.
[Clara giggling]
Hey, Bob!
Hey.
[in Spanish]
Hi sis, how are you?
You look beautiful.
[in Spanish]
You look weird, sis.
Happy.
[in Spanish]
So the Aussie works
is what you're saying?
[in Spanish]
So much...
you have no effing idea.
[in Spanish]
Thanks to me.
And don't say "eff"
i front of Bobby.
[in Spanish]
Because it's short for screw.
That can only be Daniel's car.
[in Spanish]
Three eights.
No!
[all exclaiming]
[in Spanish]
Hi!
There's no getting rid
of you is there?
[in Spanish]
I miss your mother.
What can I tell you?
[in Spanish]
Anyone who's playing,
get in now.
Bobs, you're with me, okay?
You're gonna help me get
all of Daniel's money,
your uncle Daniel.
[in Spanish]
I've been waiting for this
moment many years.
[both in Spanish]
-Did you finally learn
how to play?
-Every game.
[in Spanish]
Okay, here we go.
Oralé.
♪ A friend of my wife
Was a straight-A student... ♪
[in Spanish]
Here we are at the sliding
sock world champions.
[all exclaiming]
[in Spanish]
The undefeated champion...
Bobby!
♪ They're gonna know
what it feels like ♪
♪ You're gonna know
what it means to get your own ♪
[in Spanish]
Up next...
♪ All day long
Oh whoa whoa ♪
[in Spanish]
Clara and Daniel!
[soundtrack vocalizing]
[in Spanish]
It's Clara!
[both in Spanish]
-Yes! You suck at this game.
-You're all cheaters!
[in Spanish]
Thanks.
[sighs]
[knocking]
[startles]
Hey.
[in Spanish]
Hey, what's up?
Nothing.
[in Spanish]
Just wanted to say good night.
Yeah... good night.
[in Spanish]
Okay.
[ringing]
This is Asher Grace.
Message, please.
Hey, Ash!
So, I take it back.
Please come.
Uh... I know you work tomorrow,
but you can come
the next day,
or whenever you can.
Um, the address is saved
on your Waze, I think?
We used your phone, right?
Those things got saved?
Anyway, it's pretty much
a straight line from the border.
Oh, and don't forget
your passport.
If not, you're gonna
stay here forever.
[forces a chuckle]
Tsk. Okay.
Well, see you soon.
Hopefully.
You can call me
if, uh, you get lost, you know,
or you can just...
You can text me,
as well. Okay! Bye.
[sighs]
Morning, sunshine.
[chuckles]
[in Spanish]
Don't judge me.
Everything's so quiet
I thought I was alone.
[in Spanish]
Everyone went to that
beach Francisco likes.
[in Spanish]
No! Why didn't they wake me?
I love that trail.
[in Spanish]
Did you really just
wipe my spit off?
[in Spanish]
You wanna catch up?
No, no!
[in Spanish]
Stop. Clarity!
[seagulls calling]
Ay.
[chirps]
[both in Spanish]
-What?
-Hop on.
[both in Spanish]
-Never in a million years.
-Please...
Do it.
[in Spanish]
Ready?
Ready.
Aah! Ha ha!
[in Spanish]
That's it!
People stop coming up
cause it's colder,
[in Spanish]
but I love it.
Makes me think of...
[both in Spanish]
-What?
-I dunno...
[in Spanish]
family.
You know what
I think about a lot?
[in Spanish]
How to dress
without people noticing
you think about it a lot?
[in Spanish]
In your first apartment in L.A.
I swear... I've never felt that
kind of heat again in my life.
[in Spanish]
Seriously, those sheets you had,
that stuck to you...
[in Spanish]
I lived in the Amazon.
I wasn't that hot.
[in Spanish]
And that dry dirt smell.
That place was a death trap.
[in Spanish]
You managed to get out alive.
Sometimes I'm not
sure why I left.
[in Spanish]
You didn't fit
standing in the shower.
[both in Spanish]
-No, idiot, I mean--
-Yeah, yeah...
[in Spanish]
You wanted to do more...
see more.
[in Spanish]
Don't tell me you regret it
cause I don't believe you.
[in Spanish]
No, no, I don't regret it.
But I should have forced
you to come with me.
[in Spanish]
Force me?
You didn't even invite me.
[in Spanish]
You wouldn't have come.
Would you... have come?
[both in Spanish]
-Nah.
-No.
[in Spanish]
I wouldn't have.
[both in Spanish]
-What's the name of the boy
you're seeing?
-Don't be a jerk.
[both in Spanish]
-I'm just asking.
-Yeah.
[both in Spanish]
-You're asking like a jerk.
-No, I just...
[in Spanish]
I don't really see you together.
[both in Spanish]
-You don't?
-No...
[in Spanish]
he's not your type.
[both in Spanish]
-What do you know?
-i know.
[in Spanish]
I know you, people don't change.
He's not your type.
[both in Spanish]
-I'm trying him on for size.
-There...
he's too small for you.
[both in Spanish]
-He's good. He's sweet and good.
-He's a Koala!
[in Spanish]
You're dating a Koala.
Shut up.
[in Spanish]
He's just easy...
Easy going, easy to be with...
easy on the eye.
[both in Spanish]
-Easy on the eye?
-A lot.
[in Spanish]
So, so...
[both in Spanish]
-I don't wanna talk
about this anymore.
-Why not?
[in Spanish]
With you, I don't wanna talk
about this with you.
[in Spanish]
Okay.
[both in Spanish]
-So what about you?
-What?
[in Spanish]
We've established
you're not getting any younger.
[both in Spanish]
-Am I right?
-That's for sure.
[in Spanish]
You haven't found anyone who
seemed good enough for a first
wife yet?
[in Spanish]
No.
[both in Spanish]
-Really? No one?
-No.
[in Spanish]
Only you, but you're with koala.
Besides, you already were
my first wife.
[in Spanish]
I don't remember you
as my lawfully wedded anything.
[in Spanish]
What's a wife?
Family, home...
[both in Spanish]
-You're my first home.
-Exactly.
[both in Spanish]
-Yeah.
[in Spanish]
First homes are
meant to be left.
[in Spanish]
Come on, smooth guy.
Time to go.
[in Spanish]
Hey!
About time!
[in Spanish]
How was your morning?
It was fine.
[in Spanish]
Fine, fine?
You and Daniel talked?
[in Spanish]
Why is he here, mom?
He came back.
[in Spanish]
He came back to Los Angeles,
why is he here ?
[in Spanish]
He invited himself.
I wonder why.
[in Spanish]
Mother...
Stop encouraging her.
[in Spanish]
But why? I can't help it
if I'm happy to see him.
[in Spanish]
When I hug him it's like
I'm hugging Clara ten years ago.
[in Spanish]
He's a time in her life.
Which time?
The happy-in-love time or...
[in Spanish]
the crying-herself-to-sleep-
because-he-left time?
[in Spanish]
The way Daniel made you laugh...
just can't forget it.
[in Spanish]
It made the entire house shake.
Laughter that could
make you fly.
[in Spanish]
Oh yeah,
they flew all night.
[imitates explosion]
Ay!
[in Spanish]
My coffee!
[piano playing]
...face started
melting off.
[all singing]
[in Spanish]
And if they want to know
About your past
[in Spanish]
Telling a lie will be required
Tell them that you
[in Spanish]
Came from a strange world
So you don't know how to cry
[in Spanish]
You don't know about love
And you have never loved
[in Spanish]
And if they want to know
About my past
[in Spanish]
Another lie will be required
I will tell them that i
[in Spanish]
Came from a strange world
That I don't know of pain
[in Spanish]
That I triumphed in love
And I've never cried
[whooping, clapping]
[in Spanish]
We are incredibly talented.
Ay yi yi!
[gargling]
[knocking]
[in Spanish]
Sorry.
Listen.
[in Spanish]
A lot goes on now that didn't
the last time you saw me naked.
[in Spanish]
I know.
No. I don't mean in life...
I mean these kinda things.
[in Spanish]
Look.
You wanna check out
my washboard?
[both in Spanish]
-Really? Let me see.
-Look.
[laughs]
[in Spanish]
That's horrible.
[gentle music plays]
Mm...
[murmurs in Spanish]
[indistinct murmurs]
She's your girlfriend.
She's...
[both in Spanish]
-No, stop, I got it.
-Hold on.
[in Spanish]
Just imagine yourself
standing there...
[in Spanish]
You have no idea how it feels,
Clara!
[in Spanish]
You can't imagine...
You're looking the other way
and...
[in Spanish]
No, stop, I got it, yeah.
[inhales deeply]
[in Spanish]
I don't want to love you.
Why do I still love you?
[in Spanish]
You have no choice.
And you?
[in Spanish]
Me neither.
We will always love each other.
[in Spanish]
Even if we're apart. That's it.
That's it that we love each
other? Or that's it that we'll
be apart?
[floorboard creaks]
[in Spanish]
Morning.
Hey...
[in Spanish]
What are you doing up so early?
Max snores.
[snoring]
Max? Wake up.
Hey, wake up.
Let's have sex.
Max?
Sex. Come on.
Hmm.
[grumbles sleepily]
What? No, wait.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah!
-Too late!
-Let's do it.
[door slams]
Oh, man.
Oh, no...
[ringing]
[Asher on voicemail]
Clara, hi.
Just letting you know
I got your message,
and I'll be there
tonight, okay?
See you soon.
Hi, Lisa, it's Dr. Barron.
Could you do me a favor?
Could you please call Lilly
and Beto Alvarez
and tell them that I can
see them today, after all?
Yes, I'll be there
in three hours.
[in Spanish]
Okay.
The guy hasn't hurt you enough,
you have to let him crush you
completely?
[in Spanish]
You're being very dramatic
and nosey as hell.
[in Spanish]
What are you wearing?
I have to see a patient in L.A.
[in Spanish]
When I woke up he was gone.
To the kitchen.
[in Spanish]
I don't care. I need to go.
I need to take a breath.
[in Spanish]
And also, I called Asher and
I asked him to come.
[in Spanish]
Now he's not answering
and I need to go stop him.
[in Spanish]
You asked Asher to come
with Daniel here?
[both in Spanish]
-Before.
-Before what?
[both in Spanish]
-Daniel was here before us.
-Before, yesterday.
[in Spanish]
I called him
to neutralize Daniel.
[in Spanish]
Asher is a great Daniel
neutralizer.
[in Spanish]
Right, and who's going
to neutralize him?
[in Spanish]
Ill be back tonight.
[both in Spanish]
-Alone or with the neutralizer?
-I don't know.
[in Spanish]
I can do this Abby, I swear.
I will make it until he
leaves again
[in Spanish]
which I'm sure won't be long.
But I need backup.
[in Spanish]
I'm getting backup.
And I need your car.
[honking]
[child chatters]
Hi. I'm Dr. Barron.
I'm looking for Dr. Grace.
He's a resident
down here.
I know who he is.
He's not here.
Um, are you sure?
'Cause he said he would be...
I'm sure. He asked
for the shift off.
Annoyed the crap
out of me.
Okay.
[ringing]
This is Asher Grace.
Message, please.
Mm...
[in Spanish]
Well...
So far so good.
[in Spanish]
Looks like Clark's been having
nothing but good times.
[in Spanish]
We've been working out together.
Together you and Beto?
[in Spanish]
No, me and Clark.
That's safe, right? Exercise?
[in Spanish]
Of course. As long as
it's not high impact and
you feel good after. Keep it up.
[both in Spanish]
Cool, cool.
[in Spanish]
Beto's never been one for
exercising. You wouldn't know to
look at him but...
[in Spanish]
his belly is as big as mine,
but for no reason.
[in Spanish]
Between that and the hair,
well...
[in Spanish]
You know what, Lilly? This is
none of my business, but...
[in Spanish]
you're having a kid with the
man, you shouldn't talk to him
that way.
[in Spanish]
And Beto, stop rubbing
that shirt!
[in Spanish]
Whatever's on it is not coming
out right now so maybe, just...
[in Spanish]
I've known you for a long time.
You have good hearts,
[in Spanish]
you used to be in love and
you had the potential to make
[in Spanish]
remarkably decent parents.
But if you keep this crap
up, which you're great at
by the way...
[in Spanish]
the only thing you'll have
potential for is scarring
[in Spanish]
a brand new human being
for life,
[in Spanish]
it's not his fault his parents
can't stand each other.
[in Spanish]
So sort yourselves out together
or stay the hell apart.
[in Spanish]
'Cause bringing a child into
this thing you have now...
Mm-mm.
[in Spanish]
is not great. Okay?
Okay?
Okay, okay.
[in Spanish]
Yes.
Wonderfull.
[in Spanish]
Your visit's on me today.
Why not?
Watch it, idiot!
-Sorry!
-Asher!
Clara. What are you
doing here?
I'm literally on my way
to your parents' house.
I, uh, had a patient,
and I was looking for you.
But you're not answering
your phone,
and you're not at work
when you say you
will be, so...
Clara, I can explain.
Uh, don't.
Uh, I gotta go.
I have to go
to my parents' for dinner.
-Yeah, well, let's go.
-Uh, no. No.
Are you uninviting me
to the family weekend?
Yes.
Uh-uh.
You don't want to come,
trust me.
I do. I do.
Asher.
Clara.
I do.
Pfft.
Whatever it is,
I'm up for it.
[gentle music plays]
[turns off music]
Hey, I, uh...
I want to explain
where I've been
the past couple
of days, and why
I wasn't answering
my phone.
-No, that's okay.
-No, no, no, I want to.
Um...
So, my wife, Liz, she...
Your wife?
Well, see...
Oh, my God.
Oh, no, no, no.
It's not like that.
-No, she's not around
or anything.
-Oh, my God, I'm such an idiot.
-What do you mean,
she's not around?
-She's dead, Clara.
She died.
My God, Asher,
I'm so sorry.
It's-- you...
It was, uh,
two years ago yesterday.
And I forgot.
You forgot?
The, uh, the date.
Caught me by surprise.
I just-- I've been...
Look, I wanted
to apologize
because I was supposed
to be at work,
and I know I wasn't,
and I'm sorry.
Yeah, damn, yeah, yeah.
No. Okay.
You're a 28-year-old widower?
Yeah.
Yeah, I was, uh, 19
when we got married.
Why?
I was in love.
Yeah, well...
I was in love when I was 19,
and I didn't get married.
Well, I did.
Oh, my God, I'm such
a horrible person.
What? Why?
Daniel is
at my parents' house right now.
Yeah, of course he is.
[chuckling]
What do you mean,
"Of course he is"?
Well, you obviously needed
some form of extreme backup
when you changed your mind
about inviting me.
Come on!
[laughing]
Are we both
completely screwed up, Ash?
Both of--?
No, you are.
That's for certain.
Me, I'm
a respectable widower,
thank you very much.
Right, you do have that
going for you.
Yeah.
Bring on the ex, hmm?
[chuckles]
[in Spanish]
Are you allowed to scold your
patients as if they were your
third grade class?
[in Spanish]
No.
But they pushed me
over the edge.
[in Spanish]
Whatever, you're their doctor.
They have to trust you.
[in Spanish]
Asher agrees with me.
I know, I do.
[in Spanish]
Okay, but they do trust her!
That's why it's great that you
said it. Im sorry, but yeah...
[in Spanish]
People don't know what they
want, so they just walk around
[in Spanish]
coupling up like
it'll save them.
[in Spanish]
And, I'm sorry, but it won't.
So it's great that someone they
trust can tell them how it is.
[in Spanish]
I may have gone too far,
but they deserve it!
You guys should see them.
They hate each other.
And I've known them
for a while and they
used to be happy.
Then they chose the moment
when their marriage went
to shit to have a baby.
It's just...
It's mean.
[in Spanish]
Exactly!
[Asher] It's mean to have a go
at someone you don't know
about things
you don't understand.
Well, yeah,
but no.
Ahem. I mean, it takes
two seconds to see
if a couple is happy, you know,
if they belong together,
or if they
just settled, right?
Right, Clara?
I mean, look
in this room.
No? Look at Francisco
and Eva.
It's obvious
they belong together.
Obvious who's happy
and who's not.
Here you go.
Yeah, the mole's, um,
it's great. Ahem.
Where did you, uh...
How'd you learn how to make it?
Oh, this old lady
in Oaxaca taught me.
We were setting up
sort of like a pirate
health station.
Thanks.
[in Spanish]
He's not neutralizing him,
is he?
[in Spanish]
Maybe you can have
a threesome later.
The trick is just to let
the last chili float.
It will be great
with the chocolate,
so then you get
the hotness
without the acidity.
You get the punch.
Actually, if you
grind it all up before,
and then let it meld together,
it makes it smoother.
But it's probably a bit
too late for that now, I guess.
Oh, is that right?
Oh, sorry, one of my patients
is the son of a Mexican chef.
Oh, 'cause I thought
your Mexican grandmother
Jacinta taught you
how to make mole.
She's not real, Daniel.
Clara made her up.
We can't all be
as authentically Mexican
as you, champ.
Or as randomly bicultural
as you, right, champ?
[in Spanish]
Okay. Enough, please!
That's enough!
[in Spanish]
Thanks for dinner, Daniel.
It's too late for mole .
[in Spanish]
Let's go to bed, please.
Clara...
[in Spanish]
Good night.
I'm sorry
he's being a dick.
Don't. Don't, please.
What, I'm sorry.
Uh, I gotta say, Clara...
It's starting to feel like
he has a valid reason for it.
Ash, I--
Don't-- I'm not asking
for details.
I just, um...
I've gotta say it.
[Eva]
Good morning, Asher.
Morning.
Do you want to play?
Uh, sure. Yeah.
[both in Spanish]
-Deal him in, Francisco.
-Thanks.
Hey, listen, bro,
I'm really sorry
about last night.
It got kind
of weird. I'm sorry.
It's fine.
[in Spanish]
What's going on?
You're in time to get in.
Come on.
[in Spanish]
This family finds that
most fights can be fixed
with a game of poker.
I should probably
let you all know
I'm not very good.
Join the club.
[chuckles]
It's people lying.
You know, that's what
poker's all about.
So that's why some
of the members
of this family
excel at it, hmm?
Are you good at telling
when someone's lying
to you, Ash, keeping
stuff from you?
Good enough to know
you're not talking
about poker anymore, sure.
Eh, smart man.
You still know how
to pick 'em, Clara.
[in Spanish]
Daniel, will you come with me
for a second, please?
[in Spanish]
I'll go anywhere you ask
for as long as you ask.
[door opens, slams]
[in Spanish]
Okay, I'll take two.
Are you having fun?
[both in Spanish]
-You?
-Are you enjoying yourself?
[in Spanish]
You? Did you enjoy
yourself last night?
[scoffs]
[in Spanish]
How old are you?
You're behaving like a child!
Asher?
[in Spanish]
Stop it!
[arguing continues]
We're doing this?
We're gonna do this?
We're doing this.
Here we go.
[in Spanish]
I don't wanna wake up
alone feeling like a
jackass ever again.
[in Spanish]
You can't even stay
and sleep next to me.
[in Spanish]
All you've ever done is leave.
[both in Spanish]
-Just leave already!
-I'm here.
[in Spanish]
I haven't gone anywhere!
I'm here. I'm not going
anywhere without you.
[both in Spanish]
-I don't believe you.
-You don't...?
[in Spanish]
Why don't you believe that
people can fall in love
and stay together?
[in Spanish]
You've seen one every day
of your damn life.
[in Spanish]
I do believe people can do it.
Other people, lucky people.
[in Spanish]
I clearly pissed off the stars
at some point, hence you.
[in Spanish]
I've seen it succeed once,
fail every other time.
[in Spanish]
Many women come into my
office falling down in tears
'cause they hate
[in Spanish]
the husband I saw them fawn
over a couple of years before.
[in Spanish]
I see husbands leave
their menopausal wives
[in Spanish]
and come back next month
with their teen girlfriends.
[in Spanish]
Right, 'cause we are all
like that, right? I'm like that?
[in Spanish]
No you're worse, you didn't even
show up in the first place.
[in Spanish]
I love you.
you love me?
[in Spanish]
Just as you did the first
time which we learned
wasn't that much.
[in Spanish]
God, Clara...
What are you doing with
that child in there?
[both in Spanish]
-I like him.
-Sure you like him!
[in Spanish]
You like him like
you like warm water.
[in Spanish]
Please don't tell me you're
with him 'cause he's easy,
because I swear--
[in Spanish]
I'll tell you whatever I
want, okay? Every time I
want to because
[in Spanish]
this is all your fault!
This is all your fault!
You come back here, all entitled
[in Spanish]
saying I'm a liar.
Ten years ago it was me standing
right here feeding you
[in Spanish]
this intense love line
and you just left!
[in Spanish]
You left and you took
all of that with you.
[in Spanish]
I'll be damned if I let
you do that to me again!
[in Spanish]
That's what I'm doing with
him, okay? I'm trying to make
up for you.
[in Spanish]
When he leaves, life will go on,
no problem, but when you leave
again...
It was wonderful
meeting everybody.
Thank you for dinner
last night.
It was beautiful.
Thank you.
[door closes]
Asher...
Oh, oh, she's coming back.
She's coming back.
Yep.
Asher!
Ash, wait!
I'm sorry.
Oh, it's fine.
It's fine.
Hey, can you bring my stuff
to the hospital, please?
I don't really feel like
going back inside.
No, no, no.
Don't leave like this.
-What?
-I'm sorry.
How? How do you want
me to leave?
-I'm sorry.
-What am I doing here?
What are you
sorry for, what?
I slept with him.
I'm sorry
that I slept with him.
You think that's
why I'm leaving?
I know you slept
with him.
I knew that the moment
I saw you two together.
Come on, I'm not
that stupid, Clara.
What? Then... what?
You still think
you're using me.
No, Asher, I'm not--
I-- I know you're not,
but you don't.
And as you stand here
and say it to me,
you still think
you're lying to me.
You think you're using me,
but actually you want me...
in the same way
that you think
you sleep around
to keep your distance,
but in fact you're
looking for closeness,
in the exact same way,
Clara, that you insult
your patients.
You think you do that
because you can't
stand them.
It's in fact because
you adore them.
You don't know
yourself at all.
No clue why
you do anything.
It'd be adorable
if it wasn't so pathetic.
[gentle music plays]
[engine starts]
[door opens, closes]
[sighs]
[in Spanish]
And you left my car
in Los Angeles.
[in Spanish]
Have you been feeling alright?
Very well.
[in Spanish]
Lilly, I wanted to apologize
for what happened
during our last consult.
[in Spanish]
It was completely unprofessional
of me and I'm so sorry.
[both in Spanish]
-I wanted to wait
until Beto got here...
-Beto's not coming.
[both in Spanish]
-Did he have to work?
-No.
[in Spanish]
You were right.
Mm.
[both in Spanish]
-Lilly--
-Speaking of which...
[in Spanish]
since this is our last
scheduled consult,
[in Spanish]
I wanted to tell you that
I changed my birth plan.
[in Spanish]
I respect you tons,
but I'll no longer
need you there.
[in Spanish]
I've spoken to doctor Malmet
and I believe his energy
will suit me better on the day.
[in Spanish]
Of course.
It's your plan.
[in Spanish]
You should do what makes
you comfortable...
[both in Spanish]
-and doctor Malmet is excellent.
-Can we begin?
[in Spanish]
Sure.
[door opens]
[knocking]
[Abby] Clara,
it's me and Bobby.
[both in Spanish]
-Hello.
-Hi
[Bobby] Tía Clara,
you look terrible.
[in Spanish]
Honey, do something for me.
Go to your aunt's wardrobe and
bring me some clothes to wear.
[in Spanish]
Okay.
Thanks.
[in Spanish]
Please don't start. I'm sad,
it's not like I killed someone.
[in Spanish]
This is ridiculous.
Get up and do something!
[in Spanish]
This is chick flick behavior.
Okay, things went wrong
with a couple of boyfriends.
[in Spanish]
But you're an adult,
so you get up and get over it.
[in Spanish]
That's it!
What?
[in Spanish]
It's just cute
that you're saying that.
[in Spanish]
You have no idea what
you're talking about.
[in Spanish]
Yeah, okay...
Im jealous, sis.
You don't know what it's like
[in Spanish]
to not be able to breathe
because someone left.
[in Spanish]
You didn't ten years ago when
you married Max.
[in Spanish]
And you don't know that you stay
with him 'cause you don't have
enough imagination.
[in Spanish]
Mom?
I'm sorry, Bobs,
I was playing.
-I didn't mean--
I didn't mean that.
-No.
Abby, please--
[in Spanish]
No, no! Screw you.
Screw you!
[in Spanish]
You don't even know which
guy you can't breathe over.
[door closes]
[ringing]
This is Asher Grace.
Message, please.
[sighs]
♪["The First Cut
Is the Deepest"]
♪ I would've given you
all of my heart ♪
♪ But there's someone
who has torn it apart ♪
Oh, hey, it's you!
Hey, ooh,
you brought a chica!
Oh, my God, congratulations.
He is so sweet!
Too bad
he's lost in bed.
I-- I blame his college
girlfriends for that.
Ooh.
♪ The first cut
is the deepest ♪
♪ Baby, I know ♪
♪ The first cut
is the-- ♪
[in Spanish]
Dani! Hi!
I'm singing about you!
"The First Cut
Is the Deepest."
Dija, "El Primera Vida
Es la Más..."
'Sup? Oh, you're bringing me--?
I'll have one more.
No, no, no.
It's time to go, Clarita.
Well...
[in Spanish]
There you go.
Ooh.
[in Spanish]
There you go.
Okay.
Hmm.
[keys jingle]
[in Spanish]
It's so unfair.
What is?
[in Spanish]
I use to dream about this.
About this?
[in Spanish]
Yeah... I'd be at some bar,
with some guy,
[in Spanish]
and dreamed that you'd walk in,
carry me home.
[in Spanish]
What's unfair about that?
In my dream it wasn't sad.
Come on.
What?
[chuckles]
What is it?
Can you breathe
when you're not with me?
What? I--
...yes.
Do you think we've
ever been in love?
Oh, my... All right.
Okay, your sister
is an imbecile.
No, it's not
about her.
I know. It...
It's about this.
This wasn't here
two months ago.
Because I'm
getting old.
This is an old-lady
hand freckle.
You're not helping.
I'm saying that it's new.
I know every inch of you,
but you remain surprising.
I notice
every tiny change
because I'm here
to notice.
My purpose in life...
[sighs] is to keep track
of you, Abigail Barron.
And I don't...
care what
your family theory is,
and I am sure
that it is complex,
but that's love.
I can breathe
without you just fine.
What would be the point?
[in Spanish]
Thanks for drawing me a bath,
like an English butler.
[in Spanish]
No thanks needed...
I peek when
I undressed you so...
[in Spanish]
it was a win-win.
So can I ask you a
serious question?
Mm-hmm.
[in Spanish]
Are you leaving again?
I don't know.
[in Spanish]
Why did you come back?
Don't say it's for us, 'cause
you were back months before you
told anyone.
[in Spanish]
I'm not with Doctors
Without Borders anymore.
[in Spanish]
Why not?
Because...
[in Spanish]
They asked me, very nicely
to step down.
[in Spanish]
Apparently...
I lack commitment.
[scoffs]
[in Spanish]
They know you.
Yeah.
[in Spanish]
So you came back because you ran
out of places to be far away in?
[in Spanish]
That's awful.
My whole life, I've wanted
to be someone else...
[in Spanish]
Your neck is the
only place that's
[both in Spanish]
-called me back.
-And my mom's kitchen.
[in Spanish]
In second place.
But... truth is, Clara...
[in Spanish]
most of the time the one place
I want to go to is hell.
[in Spanish]
The food there is terrible.
I don't wanna go there with you.
[in Spanish]
I'll have to go alone.
Just don't say
I didn't ask this time.
[in Spanish]
Are you in love with him?
I've always been
in love with him.
[in Spanish]
Well...
He's part of the family.
[in Spanish]
You love him like family.
It doesn't mean you're
necessarily in love with him.
[in Spanish]
Ever since he left...
I've measured every
man against him.
[in Spanish]
Not him but, what he made me...
feel
[in Spanish]
No one measured up and it felt
good to dismiss them.
[in Spanish]
It made me feel superior,
safe from making a mistake
[both in Spanish]
-from settling, from becoming--
-Your sister.
[in Spanish]
Yes.
That's horrible, isn't it?
[in Spanish]
Meanwhile you and dad...
go and get married
all in love...
[in Spanish]
like we need to feel
even less worthy.
[in Spanish]
Nonsense.
I'm serious.
It's an unclearable bar.
[in Spanish]
Sweetheart, don't be a moron.
The amount of times I've fallen
[in Spanish]
out of love with your father,
I can't even count them.
[in Spanish]
Besides, you think I always knew
it would turn out this well?
[in Spanish]
When I met your father
he was spray painting
[in Spanish]
underpasses,
barefoot in Echo Park.
[in Spanish]
I moved in with him because...
he was the most gorgeous man,
[in Spanish]
that's for sure.
But you think I knew...
[in Spanish]
I'd love him and marry
him forty years later?
[in Spanish]
it wasn't promising.
You see?
[in Spanish]
It's all bullshit.
It's not all bullshit.
[in Spanish]
Everybody loves somebody
eventually...
[in Spanish]
but it's a gamble.
You choose someone
and you go all in.
[in Spanish]
No guarantee.
If you ask me,
you're ahead of the game,
[in Spanish]
you already know who you
want your money on.
[in Spanish]
-Mom--
-Love shouldn't be simple,
honey...
[phone buzzing]
[in Spanish]
but it should be easy.
Are you a witch, mother?
Hello?
Hi, Dr. Barron?
Dr... Barron? Asher.
I'm calling about
Lilly Alvarez.
What's going on?
Look, Clara, she's, uh...
She's gone into labor,
and she's all by herself.
Now, I know you're not
her doctor anymore,
but she's terrified,
and since you broke up
her marriage,
I thought maybe...
I'll be right there.
[in Spanish]
If everybody loves somebody,
I love you.
Mm!
[in Spanish]
Who would have said of my two
kids you'd turnout to be the
cheesy one?
[knocking]
[in Spanish]
Hi, Beto!
Beto, Beto.
[in Spanish]
No, this won't do... get
dressed. Your wife's in labor.
[in Spanish]
Yes, I know,
but she doesn't want me there.
Oh, my God, Beto, okay.
[in Spanish]
I don't wanna tell
you what to do.
[in Spanish]
Last time you listened
to me and that was bad.
But here it goes...
[in Spanish]
Your problem with Lilly?
You care too much about
what she thinks.
[in Spanish]
She's your wife, she's in labor
and you'll be there
[in Spanish]
whether she likes it nor not.
Okay?
[in Spanish]
She will like it... you'll see.
Okay, yeah... I'm coming.
[knocking]
[whimpers]
[in Spanish]
Beto!
Beto! Beto!
[in Spanish]
See? I told you.
[sobbing]
[in Spanish]
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, I should
have come before.
Hi. I'm Dr. Barron.
I'm here to check up
on Clark Alvarez's cleaning.
Sure. I was about
to bring him to his parents.
Oh, that's okay.
I'll do it.
-Okay. You're welcome.
-Thanks.
He's named
after Superman.
Hey.
Hi.
It's good that you came.
Can't believe
you brought Beto.
Yeah. Turns out
I miss the Alvarezes.
Who would've thought?
Me.
Never know
what you have, right?
[fusses]
I should go.
Ahem.
Okay, uh, good
to see you, Dr. Grace.
Goodbye, Dr. Barron.
[whispers] Look, Clark,
those are your parents.
We'll have a long chat
about them later, okay?
I know.
[whispers in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
What's up, son?
What's up, baby?
[squeals]
[murmurs]
¿Qué paso, muchacho?
[in Spanish]
You're gonna make him cry,
give him to me.
[in Spanish]
No, he's fine.
[both in Spanish]
-He's with his dad.
-You're not holding him right.
[both murmuring]
[Abby] Just taste it.
Okay, okay.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Is it good?
Uh-huh. Ahem. Yeah.
[Abby] What you doing that for?
[knocking]
Bobby, don't answer
that alone!
It's Aunt Clara.
I told her to wait.
Abs...
[in Spanish]
Don't say you're sorry.
You were wrong.
[in Spanish]
I know.
I'm not saying you were
wrong to be mean to me...
[in Spanish]
I'm saying
the content was wrong.
[in Spanish]
You are fundamentally
mistaken about my marriage.
[in Spanish]
I know. I do.
I really do.
Okay.
[sighs]
[in Spanish]
So what are you
standing there for?
[both in Spanish]
-I don't--
-There's pasta.
[chuckles]
Fine. We forgive you.
[laughing]
So, pasta, huh?
Yeah. I made
the sauce.
You literally
just got here. Don't.
[chuckles]
Mm!
[in Spanish]
You look great!
Hmm!
[in Spanish]
Happy.
A million epiphanies
will do that to you.
[in Spanish]
That's why I avoid them.
[laughs]
[in Spanish]
My patients had their baby...
My patients
with the massive issues
[in Spanish]
The ones you scolded?
Yeah, them.
[in Spanish]
I was watching them hold their
baby and all I could think was:
[in Spanish]
I want that.
You want massive issues?
I can help you with that.
[in Spanish]
I see it all the time,
new babies, happy couples,
[in Spanish]
families.
But now I want it.
[in Spanish]
No, you and I are family.
We're not a couple.
We grew up. That's that.
[in Spanish]
I know, I know.
I'm sorry I left.
[gentle music plays]
[in Spanish]
I'm sorry I let you go.
The number-one thing
I always tell
girls your age
is always, always
use a condom.
The fact that you
have already had a kid
and in a month you
already look like that
is amazing!
Face just hit
the surfboard,
and I started,
just, like...
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
I see it everyday, love.
[laughing]
Come on!
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
And everyone gets it.
Even if it doesn't look just
right...
Guys, I love you.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
or if it's not fed everyday...
[both in Spanish]
-Stay in touch.
-I'll come back soon, promise.
[Clara narrating in Spanish]
Or it changes
and becomes something new.
Mmm!
[in Spanish]
Love you.
No one knows anything.
I maintain love is a ridiculous,
[in Spanish]
complicated, improbable thing.
But... let it do its worst...
[in Spanish]
it will surprise you.
First date, Grace.
Tablecloths.
Hmm.
[gentle music plays]
[chuckles]
Asher--
I-- I don't need
a big speech,
and you clearly don't know
very much, anyway.
That was the gist
of my speech!
[laughs]
You know, you don't know
everything, either.
Yeah, I know that, too.
Mm!
Oh!
I still got you there!
Have to catch me!
[exclaiming]
Ahem. Australian
Asher Grace is back.
Pay up. Money.
Give it to me.
This was a bet?
When did this
become a bet?
-That's--
-That's the way we are.
You bet
against me!
Just for the record,
I'd like you to see
who's collecting the money.
Yeah, well, thank you,
Max, but...
Don't come to me
with your dollar.
[upbeat music plays]
[female singing
in Spanish]